ChangeWave 16.8 Becomes Default Behavior (#6634)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/ChangeWaves.md

## How do they work?
The opt-out comes in the form of setting the environment variable `MSBuildDisableFeaturesFromVersion` to the Change Wave (or version) that contains the feature you want **disabled**. This version happens to be the version of MSBuild that the features were developed for. See the mapping of change waves to features below.

## When do they become permanent?

> A wave of features is set to "rotate out" (ie. become standard functionality) two bands after its release. For example, wave 16.8 stayed opt-out through wave 16.10, becoming standard functionalty when wave 17.0 is introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A wave of features is set to "rotate out" (i.e. become standard functionality) two bands after its release. For example, wave 16.8 stayed opt-out through wave 16.10, becoming standard functionalty when wave 17.0 is introduced.
```
